guidlines foe meeting to flow smoothly:- 
don't unmute yourself unless you're the spekaer taking the virtual stage.
take responsibly about sex region and politics.
lastly give a round of applause by signing claps.

keeping the camera on in a meeting also encourages others and makes the session more interacting.
always take the chance ko speak, it will help in improving communication skill and socialising.

a theme should be assigened to a session so that everyone can have a track. 
theme: life is 50-50

yin and yang: its a concept in chinese culture which talks about the concept of rule. it basically says universe is composed of complementary forces like dark and light & good and bad.
*struggle gives thrill in the boring life.*
robert frost's: the road not taken; its about making choices. it describes the dilemma of a person standing at a road with diversion.

three sessions:
1- prepared speech sessions: each speaker will be speaking for 5-7 min. 16:52 - 43:00
2- table topic session: speking for 1-2 min. 43:01 - 58:33
3- general evalution session: general evaluator will give his/her evaluation on meeting. 58:44 - 1:25:00
roles assigned:
timer will tell about timing by showing green ,yellow and red card. 
ah-counter will count unnecessary sound used by speaker like umm, urr,aa.
grammarian will write down good usage and bad usage , also make sure who uses phase of the day; that is shot in dark.
listner will ask the questions in the end. 

points to notice:-
while speaking virtually you should use hand gestures, make eye contacts and put the camera at proper angle.
summarize yor motive of speech in last.
give pauses at some point of your speech.
you should also pay attention to your voice modulation.
to make speech more intresting you can twist some sentences.


toastmaster:
the person who proposes toasts and introduces speakers at a banquet. symposiarch. emcee, master of ceremonies, host - a person who 
acts as host at formal occasions (makes an introductory speech and introduces other speakers)


